doc/dev/cephadm.rst: clarify, fix spelling nits (#35717)
ceph/ceph: doc/dev/cephadm.rst

The last line of this will be a line you can cut+paste to update the
container image.  For instance::

  sudo ../src/script/cpatch -t quay.io/ceph-ci/ceph:8f509f4e

By default, cpatch will patch everything it can think of from the local
build dir into the container image.  If you are working on a specific
part of the system, though, can you get away with smaller changes so that
cpatch runs faster.  For instance::

  sudo ../src/script/cpatch -t quay.io/ceph-ci/ceph:8f509f4e --py

will update the mgr modules (minus the dashboard).  Or::

>   sudo ../src/script/cpatch -t quay.io/ceph-ci/ceph:8f509f4e --core

Reviewer: @ideepika has a similar patch (#35653)

Note regarding network calls from CLI handlers
==============================================

Executing any cephadm CLI commands like ``ceph orch ls`` will block the
mon command handler thread within the MGR, thus preventing any concurrent
CLI calls. Note that pressing ``^C`` will not resolve this situation,
as *only* the client will be aborted, but not execution of the command
within the orchestrator manager module itself. This means, cephadm will
be completely unresponsive until the execution of the CLI handler is
fully completed. Note that even ``ceph orch ps`` will not respond while
another handler is executing.

> This means we should do very few synchronous calls to remote hosts.
> As a guideline, cephadm should do at most ``O(1)`` network calls in CLI handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a guideline, we should do very few synchronous calls to remote hosts meaning, 
cephadm should do at most ``O(1)`` network calls in CLI handlers.
```

Minor nit .. the term `this means` is used a lot in this section ..
